README.md, before:

# Azure DevOps Pipeline Templates

This repository contains template files that can be used in Azure DevOps Pipelines. The purpose of this repo is to standardise the way that steps are done for common tasks, avoiding code duplication and potential mistakes. Each template comes with its own README which contains instructions on how to use it.

Below is a summary of the templates we have available

## Templates

| Name                                                         | Description                                                                                                                                        |
|--------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [Checkov](./checkov)                                         | Terraform scanning to ensure that there is no security misconfiguration in your terraform files                                                    |
| [Github Tag](./github-tag)                                   | Github tags to your commits for marking significant points in a project's development                                                              |
| [Retain pipeline run](./retain-pipelinerun)                  | Retaining a pipeline run for longer than the default configured 30 days after production release                                                   |
| [Snyk](./snyk)                                               | Snyk pipeline runs for SAST, SCA, IAC and Container scanning projects                                                                                                                   |
| [Trivy](./trivy)                                             | Static analysis security scanner against your Terraform                                                                                            |
| [Gated Infrastructure Deploy](https://github.com/UKHO/devops-gated-infrastructure-deploy) | Template for running terraform plan and apply with a manual verification step inbetween which triggers when destroyed resources are detected in plan. |
| [Infrastructure Pipeline](https://github.com/UKHO/devops-infrastructure-pipeline-template) | Infrastructure (terraform) pipeline template that implements the 'Gated Infrastructure Deploy' template in 3 environments (dev/qa/live) along with build & checks stages. |
| [Web Service Pipeline](https://github.com/UKHO/devops-web-service-pipeline-template) | Pipeline template that builds & checks a dotnet web app and deploys into a web app (slot & swap) in azure in 3 environments (dev/qa/live). |
| [Trigger ADDS AutoTests Pipeline](https://github.com/UKHO/devops-trigger-adds-autotest-pipeline) | Job template that with service connection to an app config+key vault is able to trigger target pipelines from another pipeline and wait for results. |

## Versioning Templates

For dedicated repositories containing a single template, see this versioning guide [How to version](how-to-version.md).

Commit message:

Documentation on service announcements (#38)
* Add making-service-announcements.md

* Update register of templates with what repo

README.md, after:

# Azure DevOps Pipeline Templates

This repository contains template files that can be used in Azure DevOps Pipelines. The purpose of this repo is to standardise the way that steps are done for common tasks, avoiding code duplication and potential mistakes. Each template comes with its own README which contains instructions on how to use it.

Below is a summary of the templates we have available

## Templates

| Name                                                                                             | Description                                                                                                                                                               | Repository     |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------|
| [Checkov](./checkov)                                                                             | Terraform scanning to ensure that there is no security misconfiguration in your terraform files                                                                           | This Repo      |
| [Github Tag](./github-tag)                                                                       | Github tags to your commits for marking significant points in a project's development                                                                                     | This Repo      |
| [Retain pipeline run](./retain-pipelinerun)                                                      | Retaining a pipeline run for longer than the default configured 30 days after production release                                                                          | This Repo      |
| [Snyk](./snyk)                                                                                   | Snyk pipeline runs for SAST, SCA, IAC and Container scanning projects                                                                                                     | This Repo      |
| [Trivy](./trivy)                                                                                 | Static analysis security scanner against your Terraform                                                                                                                   | This Repo      |
| [Gated Infrastructure Deploy](https://github.com/UKHO/devops-gated-infrastructure-deploy)        | Template for running terraform plan and apply with a manual verification step inbetween which triggers when destroyed resources are detected in plan.                     | Dedicated Repo |
| [Infrastructure Pipeline](https://github.com/UKHO/devops-infrastructure-pipeline-template)       | Infrastructure (terraform) pipeline template that implements the 'Gated Infrastructure Deploy' template in 3 environments (dev/qa/live) along with build & checks stages. | Dedicated Repo |
| [Web Service Pipeline](https://github.com/UKHO/devops-web-service-pipeline-template)             | Pipeline template that builds & checks a dotnet web app and deploys into a web app (slot & swap) in azure in 3 environments (dev/qa/live).                                | Dedicated Repo |
| [Trigger ADDS AutoTests Pipeline](https://github.com/UKHO/devops-trigger-adds-autotest-pipeline) | Job template that with service connection to an app config+key vault is able to trigger target pipelines from another pipeline and wait for results.                      | Dedicated Repo |

## Versioning Templates

For dedicated repositories containing a single template, see this versioning guide [How to version](how-to-version.md).

## Service Announcements

For version changes to the repository, make use of the Service Announcement channel and refer to this [making service announcements](making-service-announcements.md) for a templated message.
